Nodal variable smoothing and corrector (#33157)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/correctors/FunctorNodalCorrector.md

# FunctorNodalCorrector

!syntax description /Correctors/FunctorNodalCorrector

## Design

The `FunctorNodalCorrector` is derived from the `DomainUserObject`, so it can change primary variable values

> for degrees of freedom located on elements (subdomain-restricted if desired) or on nodes (boundary-restricted if desired).

Author: ```suggestion
The `FunctorNodalCorrector` is derived from the `NodalUserObject`, so it can change primary variable values
for degrees of freedom located on nodes (boundary-restricted if desired).
```

!alert note

> Except for constant monomials, Lagrange variable, and other simple FE families,

Reviewer: If just doing nodes, probably should only mention H1 variables whose dofs are solely stationed on nodes

Author: seems equivalent here, general advice on setting variables via DOFs or advice that H1 means dofs at nodes for us.
leaving as is

> simply setting variable DOFs using targetted evaluations may not give the expected result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simply setting variable DOFs using targeted evaluations may not give the expected result
```
